make next app work, add link to it on deploy, update gif (#1891)
denoland/docs: examples/tutorials/next.md

);
```

### Add some styles

Let's add some basic styles to make the app look nicer. Update your
`app/globals.css` file with the
[styles from this file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/denoland/tutorial-with-next/refs/heads/main/src/app/globals.css).

## Run the app

Now you can run the app with `deno run dev` and visit `http://localhost:3000` in
your browser to see the list of dinosaurs. Click on a dinosaur to see more
details!

## Deploy the app

Now that you have your working Next.js app, you can deploy it to the web with

> Deno Deploy<sup>EA</sup>.

Reviewer: I'd keep these git instructions, but frame them as "or you can do this manually by..." after offering first a Deploy button. 

Even though the image for the button is still pending, we can provide it as a link. 

`https://app.deno.com/new?clone=REPO_URL`

I suggest some sort of "Deploy a copy of this project by clicking this link/button" language, and then going on to say what the button does, and how you can do that manually.

> Deno Deploy requires your code to be hosted on GitHub to access and deploy it,

Reviewer: This isn't entirely correct since can just push content directly to an app via the CLI or deployctl. Perhaps something like:

```suggestion
For the best experience and automated workflow, Deno Deploy connects to your code on GitHub to access and deploy it,
```
